Master is not angry
I'm still yours
Don't talk, I'm so angry right now.
Lu Yao, you have offended me.
You won't have good fruit to eat
Yo uncle
The car is ready, waiting for you for a long time.
Let you go and chat with Sister Shiqiao slowly
Boy me
Retreat first, don't disturb the two of you.
Go, go, oh
Hello, is this motorcycle there?
Come up and take you around
Is there any danger?
Don't worry, I'm a good driver.
Come up and take you for a ride
Got it!
Oh hate
Ok how
So exciting
My legs used to be soft
Where did Du Yang get this motorcycle?
I'm in a bunch of old hairs where did I change it from?
The motorcycle in my hand now
About 300 million.
How can you sell me?
You want to give it to me?